# GANs_Monet_Paintings
The advancement in computer vision technology as allowed for generative adversarial networks (GANs), an advancement in generative modeling within deep learning, that help with image creation.
In this mini-project, we aim to replicate the unique style of one of the most influential artists of all time. Oscar-Claude Monet was a French painter and founder of impressionist painting, who's paintings will be used as the training set for the algorithm. Our aim will be to trick classifiers into thinking that our generated paintings are actually Monet paintings. This notebook will go through the exploratory data analysis (EDA) procedure, model building and analysis, result, and discussion/conclusion.

GANs can be used to teach about deep learning models and are made up of two parts, a generator and discriminator. The generator will create the fake images that look like the training images while the discriminator works to build its ability to tell the difference between fake and real images. It ideally gets to the point where the generator makes a perfect copy that leaves the discriminator with no choice but to guess the 50% chance.

PyTorch will be the framework for this project due to a few key factors. It is a user-friendly interface for building complex neural network architectures. It has a dynamic computation graph which can allow the change of the model architecture as you experiment. It also works well with GPUs for training, which is important for processing large amount of images. PyTorch also has a large library of model architectures and transformations available for use and a large community that develops the tools and libraries.
